When do you have an order?
I picked him up
Oh yes yes yes our family got rich overnight
I'm here to solve Brother Lu's problems
Marry such a man who wants to save face
You are so unlucky
I get robbed every time
I'm not done with you
Sister, get a divorce
He is not worth your life
And he's still in a lot of debt
10 years, 30 years, 50 years, I am willing to pay it back with him
Sister, why are you so stubborn?
Why can't you see mine?
Xiao Rui, I know you are good for my sister.
That's what I believe in my vision
You don't have to save money for this
When are you going to hurt my sister?
I advise you to speak well
Don't blame me for turning my face and not recognizing people
Let you climb from here, right?
You thought you were shrinking behind my sister
I dare not touch you?
Don't make trouble, I'll go home, sister.
I've never seen you as my sister
Today I invite you to buffet
Although you are an amazing cloud master
But I have to handle the dinner party
Don't worry about land warfare
You owe your brother money
I'll pay it back with you.
I'm not worried.
Can you change your name?
Calling land warfare is too alienating
What shall I call you?
Dear baby, you can choose one yourself.
hate